Add 4-8 RN for RHEL 8-4 support (#33238)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-8-rhcos"]
=== {op-system-first}

[id="ocp-4-8-rhcos-rhel-8-4-packages"]
==== {op-system} now supports RHEL 8.4

> {op-system} is now using Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8.4 packages. This enables you to have the latest fixes, features, and enhancements, as well as the latest hardware support and driver updates.

Reviewer: Looking at the RN for 4.7, we pointed out that 4.6 and older releases would continue to use RHEL 8.2 packages.

I think it might be reasonable to restate that here.

Also, 4.7 will eventually upgrade to using RHEL 8.4...not sure if we want to capture that here.

> {op-system} is now using {op-system-base-full} 8.4 packages. This enables you to have the latest fixes, features, and enhancements, as well as the latest hardware support and driver updates. {product-title} 4.7 and below will stay with RHEL 8.2 packages and will upgrade to {op-system-base} 8.4 in a future update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{op-system} is now using {op-system-base-full} 8.4 packages. This enables you to have the latest fixes, features, and enhancements, as well as the latest hardware support and driver updates. {product-title} 4.7 is currently using {op-system-base} 8.3 packages and will upgrade to {op-system-base} 8.4 in a future update.  {product-title} 4.6 is an EUS release, therefore will remain using {op-system-base} 8.2 EUS packages for the entirety of its lifecycle.
```
